Remove time-based groups (#70)
spesmilo/electrumx: docs/rpc-interface.rst

connected, the number of unprocessed requests should be low, say 250 or fewer.  If it is
over 1,000 the server is overloaded.

> Sessions are put into groups, primarily as an anti-DoS measure. Each session goes into
> a group based on it's IP address subnet (the first three numbers). Example: session from
> IP 192.168.1.23 goes into group "192.168.1". Each member of a group incurs a fraction 
> of the costs of the other group members. This appears in the `sessions_` list under the
> column XCost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sessions are put into groups, primarily as an anti-DoS measure. Each session goes into
a group based on its IP subnet (e.g. /24 for IPv4). Each member of a group incurs a fraction 
of the costs of the other group members. This appears in the `sessions_` list under the
column XCost.
```
